Wow prank wars is the best show ever
you know I could totally be on that show
you I hate to break it to ya MA
but you couldn't do a good prank to save
your life let alone on reality TV what
are you talking about I'm probably the
best prankster in the entire family
oh yeah well I'm the best prankster in
the entire town Fineman I challenge you
to a prank
oh you really want to do that to
yourself I'd like to ask you the same
thing because when I win I get your
dessert for an entire week and when I
win you get to make my bed for an entire
week
deal hey what's all the laughing guys Oh
what is this
it's prank number one it looks like I'm
winning
hey guys stop it laughing This Means War
is everything okay oh there's a snake in
my bed like this
nothing for me it's rubber onesie but it
looks like I just got you back my
muffins are ready
yeah
ah you will what is this
someone put creepy crawlies in my muffin
sorry I'm not eating those now when she
put flour in my hairdryer she shook up
my sofa she tied a knot in my parents
where is my bed what where is my bed on
the roof why would you put it on the
roof it wasn't me someone had minded up
there - why would I do that to myself so
it wasn't you no why would I do that to
myself well if it wasn't you then who
was it
yeah Sophie did you say you did this yep
why because I was getting tired of all
the screaming and fighting and yelling
and pranking because everyone in this
family knows that I'm the greatest prank
er that ever lived
Oh